README.md, before:

# Git Peruse

For using git in a more screen reader friendly way and for those who like to go one at a time.

You can use the binary as a [Github cli extension](#github-cli-extension) (preferred way) or as a [git command](#without-installing-github-cli),
the latter will require a Personal Access token to be created.

## Github CLI extension
Install the [Github CLI](https://cli.github.com/)

Run `gh auth login` and approve the app in the browser. 

### Install the extension

`gh extension install https://github.com/hbk619/gh-peruse`

### Usage

To view the current PR for your branch:

`gh peruse pr`

To view a specific PR:

`gh peruse pr <pr number>`

For full up-to-date flags:

`gh peruse pr -h`

## Without installing Github CLI
`gh-peruse` uses the Github CLI library and follows the authentication mechanism and configuration options it offers:

```markdown
GitHub API requests will be authenticated using the same mechanism as gh, i.e. using the values of GH_TOKEN and GH_HOST environment variables and falling back to the user's stored OAuth token
```

You can use `gh-peruse` without installing the Github CLI by setting a [personal access token](#personal-access-token) or the [install the Github CLI](#github-cli-extension) to use OAuth.

### Personal Access token
Create a [classic personal access token](https://github.com/settings/tokens/new) with the repo scope
and put it in an environment variable called `GH_TOKEN` or `GITHUB_TOKEN`.

If you are using an enterprise server use `GH_ENTERPRISE_TOKEN` or `GITHUB_ENTERPRISE_TOKEN`

### Changing the host
If the host cannot be inferred from the context of a repo (shouldn't happen often), set an environment variable called `GH_HOST`

### Install the binary for use with Git

#### MacOS and Linux

Download gh-peruse-darwin-amd64 for Mac or gh-peruse-linux-amd64 for linux from
[latest release](https://github.com/hbk619/gh-peruse/releases/latest) 

Copy the binary to somewhere on your path (e.g. `/usr/local/bin`) called `git-peruse`

#### Windows

Download gh-peruse-windows-amd64.exe for Windows from
[latest release](https://github.com/hbk619/gh-peruse/releases/latest) 

Copy the binary to somewhere on your path and name it `git-peruse.exe`

### Usage

To view the current PR for your branch:

`git peruse pr`

To view a specific PR:

`git peruse pr <pr number>`

For full up-to-date flags:

`git peruse pr -h`


## Developing

Install [Go](https://go.dev/doc/install)

### Building

`go build -o gh-peruse main.go`

This gives a binary in the dir you run the command from called 'gh-peruse' which you can run with:

`./gh-peruse pr 1`

### Tests

Run with `go test ./...`

Commit message:

feat: allow checking owned PRs for new comments
Using the `peruse pr check` command you can list all PRs that have new comments since you last looks, also `-n` will show a notification so it can be used in a scheduled job

make `Print` and `Println` of Output return an error so notify can implement the same interface and let the caller know it failed. Now the "whether to notify or print" logic lives in the run of the command which feels nicer and easier to manage than burying it in `CheckForNewComments`. We can ignore that error in pr_action as it's always nil for this scenario of printing.

Used a mega Github search query to get all owned PRs and comment count so we can do one request for all the info

Different functions for notifying for different OS's so we don't have to detect the OS at runtime. Used Go's build tags so it adds the right one to the binary for each platform

Limited to 20 PRs to stop Github getting upset with us

README.md, after:

# Git Peruse

For using git in a more screen reader friendly way and for those who like to go one at a time.

You can use the binary as a [Github cli extension](#github-cli-extension) (preferred way) or as a [git command](#without-installing-github-cli),
the latter will require a Personal Access token to be created.

## Github CLI extension
Install the [Github CLI](https://cli.github.com/)

Run `gh auth login` and approve the app in the browser. 

### Install the extension

`gh extension install https://github.com/hbk619/gh-peruse`

### Usage

To view the current PR for your branch:

`gh peruse pr`

To view a specific PR:

`gh peruse pr <pr number>`

For full up-to-date flags:

`gh peruse pr -h`

## Without installing Github CLI
`gh-peruse` uses the Github CLI library and follows the authentication mechanism and configuration options it offers:

```markdown
GitHub API requests will be authenticated using the same mechanism as gh, i.e. using the values of GH_TOKEN and GH_HOST environment variables and falling back to the user's stored OAuth token
```

You can use `gh-peruse` without installing the Github CLI by setting a [personal access token](#personal-access-token) or the [install the Github CLI](#github-cli-extension) to use OAuth.

### Personal Access token
Create a [classic personal access token](https://github.com/settings/tokens/new) with the repo scope
and put it in an environment variable called `GH_TOKEN` or `GITHUB_TOKEN`.

If you are using an enterprise server use `GH_ENTERPRISE_TOKEN` or `GITHUB_ENTERPRISE_TOKEN`

### Changing the host
If the host cannot be inferred from the context of a repo (shouldn't happen often), set an environment variable called `GH_HOST`

### Install the binary for use with Git

#### MacOS and Linux

Download gh-peruse-darwin-amd64 for Mac or gh-peruse-linux-amd64 for linux from
[latest release](https://github.com/hbk619/gh-peruse/releases/latest) 

Copy the binary to somewhere on your path (e.g. `/usr/local/bin`) called `git-peruse`

#### Windows

Download gh-peruse-windows-amd64.exe for Windows from
[latest release](https://github.com/hbk619/gh-peruse/releases/latest) 

Copy the binary to somewhere on your path and name it `git-peruse.exe`

### Usage

To view the current PR for your branch:

`git peruse pr`

To view a specific PR:

`git peruse pr <pr number>`

For full up-to-date flags:

`git peruse pr -h`

### Notifications for new comments

If you'd like to receive a system notification when you have new comments on PRs you own you can add the following to a job that runs on a schedule e.g. via [cron](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cron) or [Windows Task Scheduler](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_Task_Scheduler)

#### Using Github CLI

`gh peruse pr check -n`

#### Using Git

`git peruse pr check -n`

## Developing

Install [Go](https://go.dev/doc/install)

### Building

`go build -o gh-peruse main.go`

This gives a binary in the dir you run the command from called 'gh-peruse' which you can run with:

`./gh-peruse pr 1`

### Tests

Run with `go test ./...`
